README.md, before:

# PIZZ-HOUSE
This project creates a simplified version of an e-commerce system which enables a cafe owner be able to receive pizza orders both for pickup and delivery from customers.

#### By Collins_54

#### Home-page

A  screenshot of the application's landing page

![Alt text](./assets/screenshots/pizza-home.png?raw=true "Home Screen")

## Table of Content

+ [Pizz House](#pizz-house)
+ [Description](#Description)
+ [Installation ](#Installation)
+ [Languages and Frameworks used](#Languages-used)
+ [Reference](#reference)
+ [Licence](#licence)
+ [Author's Info](#author-Info)

## Description
This web application enables users be able to place their pizza orders online by choosing their preferred pizza type, toppings and crusts. For delivery option a customer has to input their location and contact details and afterwards gets an alert message that their delivery will soon be made

You can preview the live working version here: 
[Pizza-House](https://ckm54.github.io/pizz-house/)

#### Order-Page

![Alt text](./assets/screenshots/pizza-order.png?raw=true "Order Page")


## Installation

### Requirements

* Either a computer,phone,tablet or an Ipad with a modern web browser

* An access to the Internet

### Behaviour Driven Development

This is a summary of the expected behaviors given input and output to the application:
| Behaviour             |    Input                   |  Output                                                                                      |
| -------------         | -------------              | --------                                                                                     |
| add pizza             | Click Add Pizza Button     | Pizza details and number of items on order displays on the order table.                      |
| Check Total           | Click Checkout Button      | A message with total amout displays                                                          | 
| Request For Delivery  | Click Home Delivery Button | A form for user to enter location and contact displays.                                      |
| Place Order           | Click Place Order Button   | A message with total amout displays and for home delivery name and amount inclusive displays |
| Delete Order          | Click Delete Order Button  | The order table is cleared and page refreshed for user to place order again                  |


### Installation Process

- fork this repo and download the resulting zip file
- extract zip to our working directory and open using favorite text editor
- make sure you have access to all the linked cdns and fonts 
- launch the website using a local live server to view on the web

## Languages and Frameworks Used
* HTML - which was used to layout the markup of the entire page.

* CSS - which was used to style the page to get its appealing look. 

* JAVASCRIPT - which was used to add interactivity such as hover effects, click events and form submission

* JQUERY - javascript library to add more interractivity.


## Reference
* Materialize CSS

* Web Development Fundamentals w3Schools

## Licence

This software is licensed with the MIT license **Ckm54**

## Authors Info

Slack Profile - [Collins Kiplangat](https://app.slack.com/client/T0101L740P4/D02TWE6NQ1Z/user_profile/U02TFQD7EKZ)

LinkedIn - [Collins Kiplangat](https://www.linkedin.com/in/collins-kiplangat-a1bab715a/)

[Go Back to the top](#pizz-house)

Commit message:

add hover behavior to BDD table

README.md, after:

# PIZZ-HOUSE
This project creates a simplified version of an e-commerce system which enables a cafe owner be able to receive pizza orders both for pickup and delivery from customers.

#### By Collins_54

#### Home-page

A  screenshot of the application's landing page

![Alt text](./assets/screenshots/pizza-home.png?raw=true "Home Screen")

## Table of Content

+ [Pizz House](#pizz-house)
+ [Description](#Description)
+ [Installation ](#Installation)
+ [Languages and Frameworks used](#Languages-used)
+ [Reference](#reference)
+ [Licence](#licence)
+ [Author's Info](#author-Info)

## Description
This web application enables users be able to place their pizza orders online by choosing their preferred pizza type, toppings and crusts. For delivery option a customer has to input their location and contact details and afterwards gets an alert message that their delivery will soon be made

You can preview the live working version here: 
[Pizza-House](https://ckm54.github.io/pizz-house/)

#### Order-Page

![Alt text](./assets/screenshots/pizza-order.png?raw=true "Order Page")


## Installation

### Requirements

* Either a computer,phone,tablet or an Ipad with a modern web browser

* An access to the Internet

### Behaviour Driven Development

This is a summary of the expected behaviors given input and output to the application:
| Behaviour                 |    Input                   |  Output                                                                                      |
| -------------             | -------------              | --------                                                                                     |
| Check Menu items details  | Hover on menu images       | Text description about each item fades in and user can read more about a specific item       |
| add pizza                 | Click Add Pizza Button     | Pizza details and number of items on order displays on the order table.                      |
| Check Total               | Click Checkout Button      | A message with total amout displays                                                          | 
| Request For Delivery      | Click Home Delivery Button | A form for user to enter location and contact displays.                                      |
| Place Order               | Click Place Order Button   | A message with total amout displays and for home delivery name and amount inclusive displays |
| Delete Order              | Click Delete Order Button  | The order table is cleared and page refreshed for user to place order again                  |


### Installation Process

- fork this repo and download the resulting zip file
- extract zip to our working directory and open using favorite text editor
- make sure you have access to all the linked cdns and fonts 
- launch the website using a local live server to view on the web

## Languages and Frameworks Used
* HTML - which was used to layout the markup of the entire page.

* CSS - which was used to style the page to get its appealing look. 

* JAVASCRIPT - which was used to add interactivity such as hover effects, click events and form submission

* JQUERY - javascript library to add more interractivity.


## Reference
* Materialize CSS

* Web Development Fundamentals w3Schools

## Licence

This software is licensed with the MIT license **Ckm54**

## Authors Info

Slack Profile - [Collins Kiplangat](https://app.slack.com/client/T0101L740P4/D02TWE6NQ1Z/user_profile/U02TFQD7EKZ)

LinkedIn - [Collins Kiplangat](https://www.linkedin.com/in/collins-kiplangat-a1bab715a/)

[Go Back to the top](#pizz-house)
